Hello and welcome to this art Torro.
Well I hope the homework went well.
I hope you obtain some interesting results.
And without waiting I'm going to complete the backward elimination.
Here are so that you can see if you obtained the same results as what we are about to obtain.
And mostly so that you can see how we complete backward elimination on our up to the end.
So let's do that.
So in the previous tutorial we went up to building this regressors without the states independent viable
and that's completed the step five here of the backward elimination algorithm.
And so now we need to go back to Step 3 to look again for the independent variable that has the highest
value.
And then we need to compare it to the significant level to decide if we need to remove this independent
variable with the highest P-value.
So let's do this.
It's actually already ready.
We just need to select this and press command control percentage of execute.
And here it is perfect.
So let's move that up.
All right.
So as you can see here we have the new formula prophet expressed as a linear combination of all the
independent variables except for the state.
So that's fine.
And here therefore we have the p values for the new team of three independent variables.
All right.
And now where do we see here.
OK so we can see that of course the already spent is still highly statistically significant with three
stars here and a very low P value and mostly what do we need to do.
Now we need to look for the highest P value and that's actually this one 0.6 0 to 60 percent 60 percent
is definitely a very high P-value way above the significance level of 5 percent.
So definitely administration is not statistically significant that is Administration has no effect on
the dependent variable profit.
So great.
That's pretty clear.
We need to remove administration from our regression equation.
So let's do this.
As usual we're going to copy this copy paste and he will simply remove administration.
There we go.
And now we have our new aggressive ready.
With only two independent variables composed of our band which we already know is highly statistically
significant and the marketing spend marketing spend.
So far the p value is 10 percent.
Let's see what it will become.
So I'm actually going to build this new model by executing this so command control and to execute.
Here we go.
And now let's find out about the statistical results of this regression model.
Let's select this press command and control press enter to execute.
And here are then used to DiCicco results with only the p values of the two independent variables already
spent in marketing spend.
OK so let's see well there is something interesting here.
Can you see it.
Well first R.D.Spend is still highly statistically significant.
No surprise about that.
But we actually have one surprise here.
Remember the value of the marketing spend was 10 percent at the previous step.
Now it's 6 percent.
And actually we want a dot here.
You know we jumped from this category between 10 percent and 1 to this category between 5 percent and
10 percent.
So we actually have a done now for this marketing spend independent viable Plus it's very close to the
significance level it's very close to 5 percent.
You know for example if our significant level was 7 percent we would have kept this independent viable
marketing spend.
So it's kind of arbitrary.
You know we we don't know if we really need to remove this just because our backward nation tells us
to due to the fact that we made an arbitrary choice of 5 percent for the significance level.
So since this is a tutorial about backward elimination we will actually remove it but this will not
be our final word because at the end of this part there will be this section about evaluating models
performance and will actually add a criterion to make a better call at deciding if we really need to
remove this marketing spend because right now the call to remove this marketing spend in the Bible is
arbitrary.
So we will remove it because we want to follow Thorley the backward elimination algorithm but keep that
in mind that it's not a final word about deciding what's the final team is going to be and we will get
back to this problem later in this course that is later in this part to make a better call about whether
we need to remove yes or no marketing spend.
So let's remove it for now.
That's actually the final solution but it's really a good choice of yours.
If you actually decided to keep marketing spend you will be proud of this choice at the end of this
part.
So congratulations.
Anyway if you decided to keep marketing spend and of course also congratulations to the others who decided
to remove marketing spend because that means you just followed Thorley the backward elimination algorithm
.
So congratulations to both of you.
And let's finish this backward elimination algorithm because actually you know this is definitely the
final step.
We have only one independent variable left our knees bent and we already know it's highly statistically
significant but it's actually made this model by selecting and executing this.
Here we go.
Model created.
And now let's have a final look at the statistical information of our model.
So let's press committer control pass and to execute.
And here are the final informations of the final optimal team a team that is actually composed of one
independent variable so that's actually funny to call it a team.
But anyway that's just a team of one that happens but wait for the final part to see if a team of one
can really be the best team.
So that said we actually completed backward elimination.
Our final model is composed of only one independent variable.
The R&D spend and we can clearly see that this independent variable is highly statistically significant
not only because we have three stars here but also because the P-value is really really small.
So definitely that's a very precious information for the investors that should really look at this in
the Benvar able to add another criterion into their investment decisions.
So again congratulations to both of you who either found a final team of only one independent variable
the only spanne or final team of two independent variables.
The R&D spend and the marketing spend.
And for those of you who found another team make sure to compare the steps that you did yourself with
the steps that we did in the Statoil to spot which difference led you to different results you can always
ask some questions in the Q&A.
I'll be happy to help you with your model.
But clearly the final team is either the R&D spend or the R&D spend plus the marketing spend and that's
where we also obtain in Python.
And that's what you will also obtain in some other programming language or machine or any package.
So thank you for watching the Statoil.
Congratulations again.
I hope you enjoyed doing this homework.
You will have some other homeworks in the other parts so you'll definitely practice which will help
you shape your expertise in machine learning.
And speaking of machine learning I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy machine learning.